hey biked I'll hear from xiaomi pot
Connie unboxing here this is of a
western digital my book studio on to
terre by addition I have the one
terabyte version of this and I paid by
150 for about 23 years ago that's when
they first started coming out with the
terabyte stuff and I wanted it's more
storage from that pro so I instead of
paying 150 200 dollars on like that for
our two terabyte and i really like
western digital's and so I found this in
ebay yeah for about one hundred twenty
dollars as the one I won the bid on and
it's a 2 K bike I was mistaken at first
I thought I was ordering a the two dr
care by version that has two separate
hard drives in it but after orient and
look at him looking at it and if i now
it's just one hard drive that's a two
terabyte so let's go ahead and get into
it it's open up here that's a nice just
drink packaging there here's the hard
drive itself and down here baby they
include just a power cable and USB or I
most likely if I be using this as X
relies i'll use my firewire 800 cable
and if not i pod take the hard drive out
there's one thing i like about these is
that the hard drive itself is a
removable if i zoom in here now our
drive itself is removable and so you can
put it into a computer or change the
hard drive anything like that and so on
the back here you have your power your
to power our 800 s cool thing about this
is you can daisy chained to another hard
drive something as cool as you know if
you only have one firewire port on your
laptop or in your imac or any kind of
you like that you plug that into fire
100 and you put a camera net or another
hard drive or anything like that that
the east side of there and your i guess
mini USB and then your power connection
there in the front you just have your
indicator light right there
and then a little wedge individual logo
and the same on the other and that's
permitted to the hard drive it's a real
simple drive it works great I really
rely on western digital's when i first
get my mac pro it was a toss fantasy own
so we're bringing I that I don't like I
was in there and it crashed a month or
should after I gabbett put a 500 and get
wonderful driving their works great i
have a terabyte in there now top bow to
put this two-tier bride in there stay
tuned for hopefully a mac a hard drive
upgrade video and off
you